interpolate_D.py -- in README.md
generate_shell_scripts.py -- in README.md
aggregate_disaster_measures.py -- in README.md
load_zcb.py -- in README.md
disaster_port_reg_on_ff.py -- in README.md
ind_port_sorts.py -- in README.md
compare_with_volume_weight.py -- MOVED TO OLD
test_assets.py -- in README.md
macro_announcements.py -- in README.md
term_structure.py -- in README.md
agg_port_sorts.py -- in README.md
cremers_factor_replication.py -- in README.md
cremers_factor_sorts.py -- in README.md
rolling_disaster_betas.py -- difference with rolling_disaster_betas_long.py?
HKM_test_assets.py -- MOVED TO OLD
crsp_comp.py -- in README.md
rolling_disaster_betas_long.py -- in README.md
SS_figures.py -- in README.md
EAPv2.py -- in README.md
SS_tables.py -- in README.md
industry_composition.py -- in README.md
port_sorts_analysis.R -- IDK
volume_weight_factor.py -- in README.md
script_to_sum_volume.py -- IDK
crsp_comp_test.py -- MOVED TO OLD
load_spx_Cremers.py -- in README.md
some_analysis.py -- MOVED TO OLD
combining_new_and_old_files.py
data_funcs.py -- functions to analyze the data
construct_level_disaster_measure.py -- MOVED TO OLD
alpha_analysis_functions.py -- in README.md
combining_disaster_series.py -- MOVED TO OLD
disaster_sorts.py -- MOVED TO OLD
filter_ind_disaster.py -- MOVED TO OLD
generate_shell_scripts_not_estimated.py -- MOVED TO OLD
loading_data_index.py -- in README.md
loading_data.py -- in README.md
portfolio_sorts.py -- IDK
term_structure.R -- MOVED TO OLD
simulation_plots.R -- in README.md
secid_option_ranking.py -- MOVED TO OLD
secid_level_prediction.py -- MOVED TO OLD
replacing_sigma_NTM.py -- MOVED TO OLD
predictive_regressions.py -- MOVED TO OLD
old_CME_data.py -- in README.md
loading_returns_data.py -- MOVED TO OLD
loading_index_dividend_yield.py -- MOVED TO OLD
large_sigma_share.py -- MOVED TO OLD
index_level_prediction.py -- MOVED TO OLD
generate_shell_scripts_old.py -- MOVED TO OLD
compare_disaster_series.R -- IDK
compare_clamp.py -- MOVED TO OLD
combining_sigma_NTM.py -- MOVED TO OLD
comp_with_missing.py -- IDK

## SQL and Julia scripts

interpolate_D.jl -- MOVED TO OLD
est_parameters_index.jl -- in README.md
load_option_list.sql -- in README.md
aggregate_D.jl -- MOVED TO OLD
shell_filter_ind_disaster -- IDK
fit_smiles_index.jl -- in README.md
fit_smiles.jl -- in README.md
funcs.jl -- in README.md
est_parameters.jl -- in README.md
check_num_smiles.sql -- MOVED TO OLD
simulations_upper_limits.jl -- in README.md
simulations_disaster_share.jl -- in README.md
simulations_PCA.jl -- in README.md
simulations.jl -- in README.md
simulation_funcs.jl -- in README.md
load_options_spx_cremers.sql -- in README.md
interpolate_D_index.jl -- in README.md
fit_smiles_old_CME.jl -- in README.md
est_parameters_rn_prob.jl -- MOVED TO OLD
calc_sigma_NTM.jl -- MOVED TO OLD
analyze_interpolation.jl -- MOVED TO OLD
